Update create-a-chainlinked-project.md (#639)
smartcontractkit/documentation: docs/Developer Reference/create-a-chainlinked-project.md

## Hardhat Starter Kit

> It's recommended that you are familiar with [hardhat](https://hardhat.org/getting-started/) before proceeding. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn more about Hardhat, see the [Hardhat Documentation](https://hardhat.org/getting-started/).
```

Clone the starter kit

```shell
git clone https://github.com/smartcontractkit/hardhat-starter-kit
cd hardhat-starter-kit
```

Visit the <a href="https://github.com/smartcontractkit/hardhat-starter-kit/blob/main/README.md" target="_blank">Hardhat starter kit README</a> for more instructions.

> For more information on how to use Chainlink with Hardhat, see our blog post <a href="https://blog.chain.link/using-chainlink-with-hardhat/" target="_blank">How to use Hardhat with Chainlink</a>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information on how to use Chainlink with Hardhat, see our blog post [How to use Hardhat with Chainlink](https://blog.chain.link/using-chainlink-with-hardhat/).
```

___

## Brownie Starter Kit

> Make sure to [install Brownie](https://eth-brownie.readthedocs.io/en/stable/install.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before you begin, [install Brownie](https://eth-brownie.readthedocs.io/en/stable/install.html).
```

> With Brownie installed, run the commands below to open a Brownie project into a new directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With Brownie installed, run the commands below to open a Brownie project in a new directory.
```

brownie bake chainlink-mix
cd chainlink-mix
```

> Visit the <a href="https://github.com/smartcontractkit/chainlink-mix/blob/master/README.md" target="_blank">Brownie starter kit README</a> for more instructions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For instructions about how to use the starter kit, see the [Brownie starter kit README](https://github.com/smartcontractkit/chainlink-mix/blob/master/README.md).
```

> For more information on how to use Chainlink with Brownie, see our blog post <a href="https://blog.chain.link/develop-python-defi-project/" target="_blank"  rel="noreferrer, noopener">Develop a DeFi Project Using Python</a>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information on how to use Chainlink with Brownie, see our blog post [Develop a DeFi Project Using Python](https://blog.chain.link/develop-python-defi-project/).
```

truffle unbox smartcontractkit/truffle-starter-kit
```

Visit the <a href="https://github.com/smartcontractkit/truffle-starter-kit/blob/master/README.md" target="_blank">Truffle starter kit README</a> for more instructions.

> For more details on how to use the Truffle, see our blog post <a href="https://www.trufflesuite.com/blog/using-truffle-to-interact-with-chainlink-smart-contracts" target="_blank">Using Truffle to interact with Chainlink Smart Contracts</a>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more details on how to use Chainlink with Truffle, see our blog post [Using Truffle to interact with Chainlink Smart Contracts](https://www.trufflesuite.com/blog/using-truffle-to-interact-with-chainlink-smart-contracts).
```
